README.md, before:

# xv6-improvments
Improvements to the xv6 operating system for the Operating Systems course at Sharif University of Technology which is based on the MIT 6.S081 Fall 2022 Lab.

## Start
- **Needs**:
    - Add your name to the shell before the $ sign.
    - Write a function to get the current time using GoldFish RTC.
- **Links**:
    - [Answer](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/tree/Start)
    - [Answer explanation(in Persian)](github.com/AmirHosein-Gharaati/xv6-improvments/blob/main/WH1-Explanation.md)

## System calls
- **Needs**:
    - Write a system call to trace the system calls.

- **Links**:
    - [Answer](github.com/AmirHosein-Gharaati/xv6-improvments/blob/main/WH2.md)
    - [MIT 6.S081 Fall 2022 Lab](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2022/labs/syscall.html)
    - [Answer explanation(in Persian)](github.com/AmirHosein-Gharaati/xv6-improvments/blob/main/WH2-Explanation.md)

## Shebang
- **Needs**:
    - Add the ability to run shell scripts in xv6 by adding a shebang line.

- **Links**:
    - [Answer](github.com/AmirHosein-Gharaati/xv6-improvments/blob/main/WH3.md)
    - [Answer explanation(in Persian)](github.com/AmirHosein-Gharaati/xv6-improvments/blob/main/WH3-Explanation.md)

## Page Tables
- **Needs**:
    - Implement calloc and realloc methods in xv6.
    - Speed up system calls by sharing data in a read-only region between userspace and the kernel.
    - Print a page table 
- **Links**:
    - [Answer](github.com/AmirHosein-Gharaati/xv6-improvments/blob/main/WH4.md)
    - [MIT 6.S081 Fall 2022 Lab](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2022/labs/pgtbl.html)
    - [Answer explanation(in Persian)](github.com/AmirHosein-Gharaati/xv6-improvments/blob/main/WH4-Explanation.md)

## Copy-on-Write
- **Needs**:
    - Implement copy-on-write in xv6.
- **Links**:
    - [Answer](github.com/AmirHosein-Gharaati/xv6-improvments/blob/main/WH5.md)
    - [MIT 6.S081 Fall 2022 Lab](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2022/labs/cow.html)
    - [Answer explanation(in Persian)](github.com/AmirHosein-Gharaati/xv6-improvments/blob/main/WH5-Explanation.md)

## Locks
- **Needs**:
    - Make memory allocation core independent. each core should have its own memory allocator.

- **Links**:
    - [Answer](github.com/AmirHosein-Gharaati/xv6-improvments/blob/main/WH6.md)
    - [MIT 6.S081 Fall 2022 Lab](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2022/labs/lock.html)
    - [Answer explanation(in Persian)](github.com/AmirHosein-Gharaati/xv6-improvments/blob/main/WH6-Explanation.md)

## Performance
- **Needs**:
    - Improve the performance of the xv6 operating system by making it intrrupt driven.

- **Links**:
    - [Answer](github.com/AmirHosein-Gharaati/xv6-improvments/blob/main/WH7.md)
    - [Answer explanation(in Persian)](github.com/AmirHosein-Gharaati/xv6-improvments/blob/main/WH7-Explanation.md)

Commit message:

update links in README.md

README.md, after:

# xv6-improvments
Improvements to the xv6 operating system for the Operating Systems course at Sharif University of Technology which is based on the MIT 6.S081 Fall 2022 Lab.

## Start
- **Needs**:
    - Add your name to the shell before the $ sign.
    - Write a function to get the current time using GoldFish RTC.
- **Links**:
    - [Answer](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/tree/Start)

## System calls
- **Needs**:
    - Write a system call to trace the system calls.

- **Links**:
    - [Answer](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/tree/System-calls)
    - [MIT 6.S081 Fall 2022 Lab](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2022/labs/syscall.html)


## Shebang
- **Needs**:
    - Add the ability to run shell scripts in xv6 by adding a shebang line.

- **Links**:
    - [Answer](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/tree/Shebang)
    - [Answer explanation(in Persian)](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/blob/Explanations/Shebang.pdf)

## Page Tables
### First Part
- **Needs**:
    - Implement calloc and realloc methods in xv6.

- **Links**:
    - [Answer](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/tree/page-tables-first-part)
    - [Answer explanation(in Persian)](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/blob/Explanations/Page-Tables.pdf)
### Second Part
- **Needs**:
    - Speed up system calls by sharing data in a read-only region between userspace and the kernel.
    - Print a page table 
- **Links**:
    - [Answer](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/tree/page-tables-second-part)
    - [MIT 6.S081 Fall 2022 Lab](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2022/labs/pgtbl.html)
    - [Answer explanation(in Persian)](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/blob/Explanations/Page-Tables.pdf)
## Copy-on-Write
- **Needs**:
    - Implement copy-on-write in xv6.
- **Links**:
    - [Answer](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/tree/Copy-on-Write)
    - [MIT 6.S081 Fall 2022 Lab](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2022/labs/cow.html)
    - [Answer explanation(in Persian)](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/blob/Explanations/Copy-on-Write.pdf)

## Locks
- **Needs**:
    - Make memory allocation core independent. each core should have its own memory allocator.

- **Links**:
    - [Answer](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/tree/Locks)
    - [MIT 6.S081 Fall 2022 Lab](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.S081/2022/labs/lock.html)
    - [Answer explanation(in Persian)](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/blob/Explanations/Locks.pdf)

## Performance
- **Needs**:
    - Improve the performance of the xv6 operating system by making it interrupt driven.

- **Links**:
    - [Answer](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/tree/Performance)
    - [Answer explanation(in Persian)](https://github.com/amirR01/xv6-improvments/blob/Explanations/Performance.pdf)
